Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
BY WILLIAM BENDER
CONTACT : williambndr2024@gmail.com
Hey. Turtle.
I want to talk to you.
Okay. everyone. Peace out.
Hey. you!
What's in that bag?
What?
Hey!
Come back here!
I'm talking to you!
Uh. Mabel?
What you doing?
Is that THE Mabel?
It is.
Her bag!
It's moving!
She's doing it again!
Mabel. give it to me.
Come here. young lady.
Stay still. Mabel.
Just give us the bag.
Get her!
She is so agile!
Stop. young lady!
Mabel!
We have rules for a reason.
They apply to everyone. including you.
You're part of a big class.
That means you need to leave the classroom.
I know you love animals. Mabel. but you bit someone.
You cannot bite people.
That is not something I should have to say.
Mom. I gotta get back to work.
Can you take her for a few hours?
Thanks.
So. What'd they book you for this time?
The outlaw's life is pretty lonely. huh?
All right. you leave me no choice.
Come on.
When I was 12. I punched Suzy Perkins in the face.
I used to get really mad. but not anymore.
Want to know my secret?
You just have to be very still. and watch. and listen.
Shh.
Feel better?
That's what nature does.
It's hard to be mad when you feel like you're part of something big.
Grandma. can I come here every day?
Anytime you want.
It could be our special place.
You and me.
Oh.
No matter what happens. you've always got this glade.
Gotta go. Grandma.
That girl thinks she's the queen of the neighborhood.
She's got the hottest track in town.
That girl. she holds her head at all times.
I think I wanna be your best friend.
Yeah. I'm a rebel girl.
Rebel girl.
Stop!
Clear to proceed with ignition.
Safety's off.
Air mops.
Check.
Okay. ignition in 5. 4. 3. 2. 1.
Everyone!
Stop what you're doing!
This is canceled.
Hey. put that down.
Hey. get off the beaver dam.
It's full of dynamite.
Then come take it out.
We can't.
Fine. I'll take it out.
Don't do that.
Relax. everyone.
I'll take care of this.
Mabel.
Mayor Jerry.
How's the arm?
Come find out.
Why do you keep doing this?
Mabel. I can't keep having this argument with you all the time.
We don't have this argument all the time.
People love highways. they love getting places back.
Today's my day. it's not your day.
Mabel. my mother lives here.
Seriously. Jerry. this is illegal.
How are you just gonna blow up a pond full of animals?
Because there are no animals.
Oh. you just gotta be like. very still. and watch. and listen.
Shh.
No. you don't understand.
You gotta give it a sec. Jerry.
Hey. babe. I might be home late.
Wait. where are the animals?
I was just here a few days ago.
We don't have time for this. kid.
I'm 19.
Whatever. get off the dam.
I'm not going anywhere.
And there's nothing you can do.
Sorry. kid.
Stop. let me go!
No one even wants your stupid highway.
Everyone wants my stupid highway.
It's why I'm gonna get reelected.
Jerry. you can't just take their homes.
Look. tell you what. start a petition. get some signatures. then I'll hear you out.
You got 48 hours till we pour the concrete.
Starting...
Ah!
Hi. I'm Mabel Tanaka.
I just need two minutes of your time.
Just need one minute of your time?
We can do this in 12 seconds!
I'm here to save a rare and beautiful place that apparently only I care about.
which is why you've already shut the door and I...
Oh!
Are you from the senior sitter service?
Oh. the Glade is just special. you know?
Frogs. fish. cute duck family. baby ducks.
More baby ducks.
I basically lived in that Glade growing up.
Oh. these pants look comfy.
It's just the perfect place to calm down and relax and deal with your rage issues. you know?
Everyone's got rage issues. am I right?
To some people. it's an empty piece of land.
But for those animals. it's home.
So. what do you say?
Um...
Come again?
I was just saying...
Thanks for today.
I like you.
You've got a lot of energy.
Here.
Thank you!
Yes!
Huh?
The Beaverton Beltway will be my proudest accomplishment as mayor.
Finally connecting Beaverton to itself.
I love animals almost as much as I love Beaverton.
We were very careful to locate the Beltway only across land that wasn't home to any wildlife.
It's why the state gave us permission to build.
We went through several rounds only across land that wasn't home to any wildlife.
Stop!
I need your help!
I don't go by dog.
Dr. Sam. I know Jerry has permission to destroy the Glade. but something doesn't add up.
Mabel. I'm in the middle of class.
What's up. Mabel?
A class that you are enrolled in.
Notwithstanding your repeated absences.
Look. I understand your passion.
I do.
But you're failing my class.
You're breaking your bones.
This obsession with the Glade is ruining your life.
But Dr. Sam. we're running out of time.
My dear. you won't be in college forever.
You need a plan for the future.
But what about the Glade's future?
The mayor's acting like the animals are gone. but I'm not buying it.
Mabel. the mayor is right.
What?
Those animals are gone.
They left after the resident beaver moved out.
But what does that mean?
I know how hard it's been for you since your grandma passed.
But Mabel. you can't save that place.
Only a beaver can.
Wait. what?
A beaver can save the Glade?
Oh. well. of course.
It's a keystone species.
It just takes one to dam a stream. maintain the dam. and pretty soon you've got a pond full of animals.
Of course!
So. if I bring a beaver back to the Glade. all the other animals will come back and Jerry won't be able to build there.
One beaver can save the Glade!
Theoretically. yes.
I mean. your stack is...
Hey. Sam!
Gotta go find a beaver!
We live in Beaverton!
How hard can it be?
One beaver.
Just gotta get one beaver.
Ugh.
Mabel. are you sure you want to do this?
You'll have more opportunities. sweetie. if you come with us.
Mom. I'm not moving across the country.
Grandma needs me.
Look after this place. okay?
This is impossible.
What?
No. no. no. no. wait. wait. wait!
No. no. no. no. no!
Come back!
No. no. no!
What?
Hey!
Hey. stop!
Beaver. back!
Huh?
Dr. Sam?
Hey. boss.
How's the new prototype?
Good. good.
Fixed the latency issue.
Firm synaptic handshake.
On and on.
I just feel like someone saw me come in.
You say that every time.
Well. one of these days. I'll be right.
Connor. how's Hopper 3?
All good. boss.
We just need to be careful.
This technology must never fall into the wrong hands.
What is this?
Mabel?
Dr. Sam!
You're experimenting on animals?
I'll handle her.
Nisha. no.
I don't know what you think you saw. but I can...
Oh!
You people are sick!
No. no. no.
There's a simple explanation.
What have you done to him?
Mabel. you're holding a robot.
What?
See?
Not an animal.
Now. just hand back.
First. tell me what this is.
Okay. okay.
We call it Hoppers.
Hoppers?
We use a proprietary mind-casting apparatus to hop or inhabit a lifelike replica...
I don't know what that means!
We put this into this.
Yes. yes.
This into this.
Oh.
So it's not a real beaver.
Why would you make this?
Why would we tell you?
Nisha. it's okay.
You see. Mabel. to help animals. we have to understand them.
And the traditional methods just weren't working.
Until one day. I had an idea.
I refined that idea. hired two like-minded souls with relevant skill sets. and after years of work. we've done it. Mabel.
They think we're them!
Uh. so let me get this straight.
You created a fake animal.
Yes!
Which makes the other animals think you're an animal.
Cool.
You guys. this is like Avatar.
This is nothing like Avatar!
Just give it back!
Put that down!
That's my life's work in your hands.
Oh. wait!
Hold on!
Dr. Sam. you could save the Glade.
Uh. what do you mean?
If you can talk to animals as an animal. you could find a beaver and get it to move back to the Glade.
Out of the question.
Why not?
We do not interfere with the workings of nature.
Look. we're on your side.
Animals are losing their homes. and you're not doing anything.
Please. just give it back!
Well. if you won't do it. I will.
No. absolutely not!
Mabel!
Sorry. Doc.
I'll bring her right back.
Mabel!
This is bad.
This is so bad.
What?
Can you hear me?
Are you in there?
Oh. crazy.
Mabel. we need to get you out of there now!
Wait!
Oh. nice.
Look. Doc. I'm just going to borrow it.
Grab her!
Get back here!
Okay. come here!
How is she so agile?
Get back here!
It's locked on!
I know!
That's why we have to duck!
Lock the exit!
Mabel. come in!
Come in!
Uh. Dr. Sam?
Mabel. you are not getting away.
Misha. she's headed for the south exit.
Mabel. get back here!
I know you want to save that glade. but this is not the way!
Stop it!
Stop!
She found the button.
Misha. over here!
Where'd she go?
How do you know I can move that fast?
Just find her!
Mabel!
Yes.
Quiet down. food!
My kids need to eat!
Whoa.
Hey.
Wow.
And they were in the same den.
No.
Hey. how you doing. girl?
I'm here to find my bird.
Are we vibing?
I understand you.
This is incredible!
Hello!
Hey. rabbit!
What's up. man?
What is up with all of you?
Oh. hey!
Squirrel!
Uh. yeah?
Do you know where I could find a beaver?
But you're a beaver.
Oh. yeah. I guess that's true.
But. um...
Ugh.
Here we go.
Uh. hi!
I just need two minutes of your time.
No way.
I'm just looking for one beaver.
Sorry!
No!
Baby ducks. please!
Tell me where to find a beaver.
Oh. uh...
Uh. no.
Where's the. uh...
Oh. got it!
Thank you!
I'm getting the glade back!
Good luck!
Hey. what's that?
It's an arrow. Ted.
Oh. so glad I found you.
What?
Me?
Yeah!
You're gonna save the glade.
We have. like. one day to dam it up and make a pond. so let's go!
Hey. uh...
You coming?
Uh...
What?
Please.
We're running out of time.
The glade.
They're building a beltway on top of it.
Uh-huh.
The beltway.
It's for cars.
Cars are. you know.
You know cars?
No. doesn't matter.
The point is. it's bad.
We can stop it.
You and me.
What do you say?
I should really get going.
Oh. wait!
No. no. no. no. no!
Come back!
I'm so sorry!
Please!
What?
Lunchtime!
Oh. no.
No!
Put him down!
Ow!
Hey!
Stop him!
Stop!
Let him go!
I need this more than you need this!
Okay. okay. okay!
Why?
Huh?
Why what?
Why would I save his life?
Yeah.
Yeah. why would you do that?
Wait. what?
She was gonna eat you!
Well. yeah.
She caught me.
It's pawn rules.
Mm-hmm.
Pawn rules.
Wait. I'm confused.
How could you be cool with that?
I mean. she's gotta eat someone.
So. um. do you still wanna...
Nuh-uh.
That's weird now.
Well. I don't know.
I guess I'm sorry?
Okay.
No. it's not okay.
You broke the pawn rules.
Now we have to see the king.
There's a king?
Look.
She can't have gone too far.
Connor. get out of the bird.
Dr. Sam?
You there?
Mabel!
Keep her on the line.
Mabel. where are you?
Uh. yeah.
So. I'm sorta in the mouth of a bear because I broke something called the pawn rules.
And now some animals are taking me to see the king.
King?
Hello?
Did she say king?
Animals don't have kings.
Hey. I need a location.
Now.
Got it.
It's...
nowhere we've ever been.
Hello?
Mabel. you are in way too deep and you need to get your fuzzy little behind back here.
I know.
I will. okay?
Once I get a beaver to the glade.
Listen to me.
We do not use hopping technology to upset the natural order.
The animal world is a dangerous place.
Uh. guys. you should see this.
What?
Uh...
Whoa.
Look at all those species.
Are these the missing animals from the glade?
And then some.
Well. I'm sure there's a scientific explanation for all this.
Why are they all here?
Silence.
It has begun.
Whoa.
And up.
And down.
There it is.
Looking good.
Now let's step it up a notch.
What?
Whoop.
Yeah.
Go.
Yeah. get those little legs moving.
You got this.
Keep it going.
Don't you stop.
And one.
And two.
Oh. yeah.
Keep it up and reach.
Whoo.
Grab a little piece of that fluffy cloud.
I see you. turtles.
Yeah. work that shell.
There we go.
Yeah. no one's catching up.
You got this.
Everyone is killing it today.
Yes. you can.
And yes. you can.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Stop. stop.
Everyone stop.
Time out.
Hey.
Looks like we got a newcomer to the super lodge.
What's your name. beaver?
Mabel. remember. you can't know you're a human.
Stay calm.
How did he get a little crown?
That's your question.
Hello.
Beaver. you got a name?
Uh. Mabel?
Come again?
Mabel.
And I need to ask you something.
Your majesty?
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Your majesty was my father.
I'm George.
Sir.
Oh. yes.
Loaf.
Ellen was trying to eat me. but then this strange new beaver got in the way.
Hmm. but that's against pond rules.
Exactly.
Uh. what are pond rules?
Oh. wow.
I am clear in the rest of the day.
Let's welcome Mabel. everyone.
There's always room for one more.
Okay.
Let's take the tour.
With all these animals living in one little pond. we needed some rules to make it work.
You want to live here. you better learn them. too.
But I don't want to live here.
I just want to...
Pond rule number one. don't be a stranger.
It's harder to be mad at someone if you know their name.
Looking good. Ryan.
Oh. thank you. sir.
You too. Fran.
Tom. Laquan. Rosie. Tamara. Prudence. Maddie. Pete. Peter. Petey. Sasha. Cat. Matt. Tombo...
Oh. hey there. George.
And hello to you. Steve.
That's pond rule number two.
When you gotta eat. eat.
Pond rule number three. we're all in this together.
Uh. how is that a rule?
Well. it means...
no matter who you are. you look out for others who need looking out for...
their...
pond rules.
Why did everyone come here?
Hey. I'll tell you.
Oh. hello.
So. okay. here's the deal.
Whenever animals lose their homes. the king invites them to come live here.
That's why he built this crazy place.
Yeah. it's crowded. unsustainable. and we really miss our homes.
Aw.
But we're still alive.
Ah!
Well. when you gotta eat. eat.
Uh. I think your pond rules are inconsistent.
Okay. I know. I know. I know. but they gotta work for everyone.
Fish. bears. beavers. humans.
Humans?
Oh. George. humans are not a part of your pond.
Of course they are.
We're all in this together.
Remember?
Animal homes. human homes. they're all just one big place.
George. no.
Humans just don't see it that way.
They want it all to themselves. and they don't care about you or anyone else.
I think in their hearts. they do.
They don't.
I'm telling you.
Do too.
Do not.
Do too. Mabel.
It's the rule.
Ugh!
Okay. please.
I really need a moment with you.
Can we just talk?
One-on-one?
I see.
Ugh.
Oh. boy.
Yeah. I know what this is about.
Ellen. could you give us a moment. please?
Look. don't be embarrassed.
I get this all the time.
Uh. okay.
And I'm really flattered. but I'm married to the job. and I'm not looking for a mate.
And not to mention. I'm way too old for you.
Oh. no.
No. no. no. no.
You're not the first. and you won't be the last.
I don't know if it's being king or this round oily bod.
Hey. you see that glade?
Move a beaver there so we can take it back.
That's it.
That's all I want.
Well. that place?
No one's ever moving back there.
Why not?
It's too loud.
What do you mean. too loud?
Ugh. there's just this noise.
It sounds like. um...
No. that's not it.
It's more like a...
It's like...
It is...
Ah. the loud place noise.
It's a...
To me. the noise is more like a...
You know. like a...
It's higher.
It's higher like that.
There's sort of a...
Oh. no. no. no. no. no.
It's more of a...
Eh. come on.
I'll just show you.
Oh. this is nice.
I never get out of the pond.
Except when I gotta go meet with the council.
Oof.
The who?
Uh. the council.
All-seeing and all-powerful.
Mabel. do you not know about the...
Ah. there it is!
Oof!
Do you hear that?
Uh. no.
Wow. really?
Good.
Try getting a little closer.
Yeah. still nothing.
I know!
It's bad. right?
No!
There's no noise at all!
I can't really hear you.
Anyway. you can see why everyone left.
Because of a noise that only animals can hear.
Oh. man. it's even worse here.
Oh. I figure my teeth hurt.
Tell me where it's loudest!
What?
Oh. dairy!
No. no. no. no!
Mabel. wait!
You'll hurt your little ears!
Hearing loss is forever!
It's the tree!
The tree is loud!
Did she say the bee is proud?
She sees a cloud?
What?
I don't get it.
Uh!
Mabel. I don't think beavers can climb!
This one can!
Whoa!
Huh?
Uh. really sorry.
I'm Connor from. uh. the lab.
I'm gonna need you to come with me.
Right now. preferably.
Sorry!
I have to destroy this fake tree!
Fake tree?
What the?
This is a fake tree.
Wait. is that why the animals laugh?
I don't know.
Connor. please recover the asset!
10-4. boss.
Hey. we can deal with this later!
I've gotta get you back to the lab!
Stop it!
Holy smokes!
What's that bird doing?
I think he's helping!
Gotcha!
Mabel. be careful!
That's too high for a beaver!
No!
Dairy's not getting away with this!
Ah!
Hey. the noise is gone!
Oh. the tree is loud.
Mabel. that was the most heroic thing I've ever seen a beaver do!
Fellow animals!
The humans have stolen their last inch of land from us!
I say we take back the glade!
Uh. team leader?
I was not able to recover the asset.
And she seems to have instead become a beloved Joan of Arc-type rebel leader?
How long has she been in there?
Is her brain gonna be okay?
Great!
The land is ours!
So. uh. what do we do now?
Now?
We party.
Party?
Isn't there work to do?
We're beavers. Mabel!
Work is the party!
Everybody's working for the weekend!
What's a new romance?
Everybody's going off the deep end!
You want a piece of my heart?
You better start from the start!
You wanna be in the show?
Come on. baby. let's go!
Hey!
Happy to be home?
Yeah!
It's like we never left!
Hey. Dave!
Oh. hey. Bill!
That's what nature does.
It's hard to be mad when you feel like you're part of something big.
Hey. Mabel!
Let's go back to the super lodge!
We got some things to discuss!
Oh. um. George. I gotta go.
I mean. I only came here to bring these animals back.
Yeah. and they love you for it!
Look how happy Loaf is!
You can't leave now!
Come on. Mabel!
Mabel. join us!
Come on. come on!
Mabel. don't do this. Mabel!
Okay. but I can't stay for long!
Ta-da!
The Beaverton Beltway!
Getting you where you need to go up to four minutes faster!
Hey. big rally tomorrow!
Come for the fireworks!
Stay to watch us pour some concrete!
Yeah. what is it?
What?!
Call the crew!
We got a little more work to do.
What a day!
Yep. nothing like a good swim after a long day's party.
Hey. Mabel?
Mabel!
Wait. do you not know how to swim?
Of course I know!
I'm swimming right now!
Here. relax the paws.
Let your back legs do the work.
In back. we're kicking.
Up front. we're kicking back.
There you go!
Oh. that is way better.
Thanks.
Parents never taught you. huh?
Yeah. along with everything else.
Parents. am I right?
You can say that again.
Totally.
Yeah. my dad thought I was unfit to succeed him as king. so he banished me.
Whoa. I know.
Doesn't get worse than that.
One day in. and I was like. somebody eat me already!
But. but then what happened?
My dad tried to start a new family. an uncle sought to usurp him. the twig wars began.
Next thing you know. they're like. hey. return from exile!
You're the king!
And I was like. okay.
How could your dad do that to you?
What a jerk.
Yeah. it was a long time ago.
We just saw things pretty different.
He always thought everyone was trying to take advantage of him.
Me. I just try and see the good in folks.
Because everyone's good deep down. you know?
Yeah. I mean. but not everyone. right?
What about your dad?
Ah. he was just doing his best.
What about humans?
I don't know. they make some pretty cool stuff.
What about the guy who put up that fake tree?
I think if you gave him a chance. he just might surprise you.
No. he's horrible.
Come on. George. you can't just go around trusting everyone.
You mean the way I trust you?
Well. I'm different.
He's a human. and I'm a beaver.
Coolest beaver I know.
No.
There's just something different about you.
You fight for what's right.
You say what's on your mind. and you're not afraid of anything.
Which is why...
I wanted to ask you something.
Uh-huh?
Mabel of the Glade. will you be Paul of the King?
What?
Did you say Paul?
Yeah. my royal advisor. confidant. and eternal friend.
Oh. and because I have no kits. the heir to my throne.
What do you say?
George. I can't be your heir we just met.
Oh. I see.
And you don't know who I really am.
George. I'm...
I'm not a real beaver.
What was that?
What?
Oh. Moose!
What happened?
The Glade...
It's all gone.
I don't understand.
We just took it back.
Did the humans take it back-back?
It gets worse.
So yeah. I think there's more loud trees now.
It was intense.
Jerry!
I can't believe they're dying!
Oh. my gosh!
Uh. welcome back. everyone!
Dorothy. Jose. Scotty. um. we're gonna need to make a little more room. I'm afraid.
Stop!
We can't give up now!
We gotta fight back!
It's okay. Mabel.
We're better off at the pond anyway.
Pond rules.
We're all in this together.
Stop it!
No!
There has to be someone who can help us.
Oh. weren't you talking about some big. powerful committee?
The council?
Oof. I don't know.
They are a tough crowd.
Well. we gotta try something!
Summon the council!
Wait. are you advising me?
Yeah. of course.
Does this mean you'll be paw of the king?
Uh. yes. I'll be the paw.
All hail Mabel. paw of the king!
George. the council!
Oh. right.
Uh. someone call the council. please!
Okay.
Oh. boy.
They should be here any minute.
George. why are you so nervous?
You're the king.
Oh. Mabel. I'm just a mammal king.
Wait. what?
I...
Huh?
Yes!
George. George!
The great animal council has been summoned.
Let's go inside.
Ah!
Hey. um. let me do the talking. okay?
Yeah. you got it.
This is unbelievable.
They all have crowns.
I'm going in.
We hear your request. mammal king.
Humans have overrun your glade and driven its residents onto your badly overcrowded shores.
Now you seek our help in reclaiming it.
Do I have that right?
Yes. will you help us?
No.
Is that it?
Can we leave?
Good meeting. short.
But. but. but we really need your help.
Mabel!
These dry land matters do not concern the fish realm.
Humans are your subjects. mammal king.
Get your house in order.
George. you gotta push back.
Let me handle this.
These are all good points. but. um. uh...
Mother. I wish to go home. now!
What a waste of my time.
I came down from the sky for this.
Bad meeting. long.
I'm supposed to be at a party right now.
Do you know how hard it is for me?
Bye-bye.
I think we're done here.
Let me explain something to you.
Oh. Mabel!
This isn't just our problem.
It's yours. too.
It's everyone's.
Oh. no.
What is that?
It's a fake tree.
Look. this is you and your subjects. living happily in your homes.
But then Jerry puts this in there and it's so loud you have to leave.
So you're not there to stop him from taking your land and building his big. stupid highway.
Doing this to the places you called home.
Wait. who is Jerry?
The mayor of Beaverton.
The. uh. uh. the human king.
What?
A human king?
Unbelievable!
They're defying our authority!
But how?
Because you're letting them!
You don't see what's happening right in front of your face.
How dare you speak to us in this way. you web-footed commoner!
Patience. Titus.
Let her continue.
Wake up!
Every year. the human city gets bigger and your kingdoms get smaller.
But where will we all nest?
We're gonna run out of room!
Exactly!
Jerry's gonna take and take until you end up with nothing at all.
No more land. no more water. no more you.
I feel cold!
I feel dry.
And it's all because of Jerry.
And if we don't stop him now. we're doomed.
Ah!
The shrill. unlikable beaver is right.
Like it or not. we all have our place on the food chain.
But one animal is taking more than is rightfully his.
One animal breaking our very world with his greed.
No longer!
The humans will not take the glade!
Yeah!
Their treachery ends here. now!
Let's squish the human king!
Yeah!
Wait. uh...
Squish?
Oh...
Or. or-or. we-we- we just scare him.
I bet that would work.
No. we must squish him.
Your glade depends on it.
They squish us!
Why shouldn't we squish one of them?
Uh. I really don't think we need to go all the way to squish.
I like it.
Finally they'll show us some respect!
It's like we say in the sky!
Flap around and find out!
Squish party!
Squish!
Boss. are you seeing this?
Uh-huh.
Then it's settled!
For the crime of stealing the glade. the human king. known as Jerry. shall be squished.
Summon an Apex Predator.
Mabel. what have you done?
Yeah. yeah. I'm so sorry.
I didn't mean for that to happen.
Wait!
I am not okay with this.
What?
This is your mess we're cleaning up.
I don't even think squishing Jerry would save the glade.
Cowards!
You wanted us to fight back. so we're fighting back.
You mammals disgust me.
You call yourselves intelligent?
You're so stupid.
When will you learn. it's squish or be squished?
M-M-Mom?
Uh. we gotta go.
I am so sorry.
Squish them!
Come on. come on!
Run. run!
Hurry!
Mabel. just stay calm.
We're gonna get you out of here.
Ah. look out!
Isha. what happened?
Hey. put me down!
Mabel. wait. it's me.
Oh. you again.
We-we gotta get George.
No can do. Mabel.
You've already interfered too much in the animal world.
In fact. you just misbehaved to Lisa Brown.
Ethel. get George!
Stop it!
We gotta get you back!
Gotcha!
This is my nightmare!
Avian traitor. face the V!
Got it!
I got V'd. guys.
They V'd me up real good.
George?
What?
Oh. gosh.
Mabel. what are you doing?
Mabel!
Can you hear me?
Come in!
I can't override the telewave.
There's no way to contact her.
Her vitals are elevated.
And she's foaming a little at the mouth.
Oh. Mabel.
What have you done?
So. uh. let me get this straight.
The insect queen is dead.
Mammal king also dead.
And are there fake animals now?
Oh. what do we do?
Silence!
Show some respect.
Sorry about that.
Sorry for your loss.
Sorry.
Spare me your pity.
Oh. yes.
Yes. yes. yes!
I've been waiting for this moment for so long!
All hail Titus. the insect king!
Hail.
Human weaponry.
Clever.
But no match for the fury and might of nature!
Soon. Jerry shall be squished.
His crown at our feet.
And then. the real fun can begin.
But first. attend me!
As I pupate!
Oh. dear.
Well. uh. that was gross.
George?
George!
Red flower!
Uh. uh. uh.
George!
Are you okay?
Oh. gosh.
That was bad.
That was really bad.
But it's gonna be okay.
And. and. and actually. the whole Jerry thing. it might really help us out.
If he knows they're gonna squish him. then...
George?
Where are you going?
Mabel.
I made you my paw.
And I mean. you put the human king's life in danger.
You got me chased out of my own home.
You squished my colleague.
But. uh. I know.
Now all I can do is go back to the council. beg for the human king's life. and. and accept my fate.
Wait. no.
I know you care about that glade.
But this is not okay.
I'm just...
Why couldn't you just let me do the talking?
Because. because I'm so tired of feeling this way.
Like. like everything's broken.
And. I can't even fix this one little thing.
Like. I can't make a difference.
Instead. I make everything worse.
I just...
I am so tired of having to do this alone.
Why?
Why. why doesn't anyone else care?
I do.
I'm gonna help you save that place.
It matters to you. so it matters to me.
But. how can you trust me again?
Trust is like a dam.
It's gonna leak sometimes.
And we just gotta patch it up.
Oh. George.
Thank you.
But. we're gonna save the human king too.
Because we're all in this together.
Pond rules!
You could say that again.
Oh. thanks.
See. Mabel?
You're not alone.
Pond crew!
We're gonna save the glade and the human king!
Who's with me?
I.
Uh. how?
Oh. that is a great question.
Well. the council's just mad at Jerry for taking the glade.
Right?
Go on.
So if we convince Jerry to give it back...
Oh. then the council will call off the squish!
And that's why she's the paw.
Paw!
Well. you just gotta get to him first.
Let's move.
Poor guy must be scared to death right now.
Ooh.
Oh?
Mayor Jerry here.
Sir. everything's ready for your big day.
I'm on my way.
♪ You've got a cute way of talking.
♪ There he is.
Okay. Mom. here you go.
I like that Mayor Jerry.
He gets things done.
See you at the rally. Mr. Mayor.
Can't wait. Jim.
I love you. Jerry.
I love you.
And you.
You make me feel like walking to my car and getting in.
Memo to self. remember this feeling.
What do you want?
Please don't hurt me.
I can't believe I have to do this.
We.
Are.
Your.
Friends.
Red Heart.
Your life is in danger.
You must do exactly as we say.
Harry.
LOL.
I mean. Jerry.
You know my name?
Oh. no.
Wait.
Is this about the dam?
Are you here for revenge?
What do you want?
Relax. bro.
Just drive to the glade.
Cancel your dumb highway.
And no one will get hurt.
Cancel the beltway?
No. we're about to finish it.
I think you're losing your mind.
Don't worry.
I'll handle this.
A king should hear from a king.
What are you saying?
I don't understand.
Greetings. human king.
I offer you my fragrant. soothing oils to calm you.
It's good.
Ew.
What is this?
It smells like vanilla.
You are not safe here.
Just do as I say.
This can be fun.
Like a game.
Time is running out.
We need to get to the glade.
Drive.
Your life depends on it.
Drive now. rugged ship.
Okay. okay. okay!
Exit in five miles.
You are doing great.
Thumbs up.
Uh-huh.
Ah-ha-ha!
He's listening!
Mabel. you did it!
All right. all right. we're not out of the woods yet.
May I?
Beer. beer. beer.
George!
Beer. beer. beer. beer. beer.
It's probably enough.
Wait. I'm not done.
What logs?
You want logs?
I'll get you logs.
We'll forget all about this whole thing.
George. you're confusing him.
No. look. he likes it.
Uh. excuse me.
I have some things I'd like to say.
Chopped wood logs.
Lizard.
Giraffe.
Rang-a-dang.
Potato.
Loaf of bread.
Men wrestling.
Coconut.
Hospital.
Potato.
I'm sorry.
Uh-oh.
Oh. guys. look out!
Aah!
Mencopause!
Forgive me!
Aah!
Re-on. I'll slow him down!
Let's go!
Aah!
Wha!
We need to unhook you. now!
I can't!
I'm protecting Jerry!
It does not look like you're protecting Jerry!
Well. he's not cooperating!
They're getting away!
Jerry!
What ?
Oh ! My ...
No. no. no. no. no. no. no. no. no!
It's an apex predator!
Oh. it's Diane!
You guys. she's actually like super nice.
Hi. how are we today?
Could you just. um. scooch back a little?
Yeah. oh. perfect.
Yep. that's him.
Alright everyone. let's try and have a good. clean squish.
Beaver. I suggest you leave the vehicle.
Wait!
You don't have to do this!
It's a misunderstanding!
Be back in a minute!
Mabel. what's going on?
What did you do?
Where'd it go?
Did it leave?
You're gonna kill us!
Just calm down and let me save your life!
Mabel. he cannot understand you!
Cross-communication does not work in that beaver body!
That's it!
Connor. get the net!
I'm here?
What are you doing?
I'll bring it right back!
Mabel!
Diane's back!
Okay. you'll feel a brief biting sensation followed by death.
That's enough. Diane!
We're coming. human!
No!
Not you again!
Jerry!
It's me. Mabel!
Mabel?
Mabel.
Who?
Hey.
Oh. hey.
I get it.
I'm dreaming.
What?
No!
This is real!
This is just a dream.
Jerry!
I bet that alarm will go off in three. two. one.
That was very unprofessional. beaver!
Not a dream.
People are beavers. beavers.
People. birds. scary sharks.
Jerry!
Stay back!
It's okay.
We're on your side.
Us help you.
Us no hurt you.
You're not with the shark?
No.
We're here to make the shark go away.
Really?
This will all go away.
We got you.
Oh. thank you.
Thank you.
So. what do we do?
You just have to give up the glade.
Oh.
You see. the animals are mad at you because you took their home.
So if you just give it...
Mabel. I'm not canceling the Beltway.
Jerry. you broke the law!
One. you can't prove anything.
Two. what law?
Three. people want this!
I saved your life!
Look. Mabel. I don't know why you're a beaver now.
It's okay.
We can work this out.
Keep that promise.
Just like it says in the ad.
He's down here!
Mabel. no!
They'll hear you!
You gonna give it back?
Okay. please.
Maybe we can work something else out.
Last chance. Jerry.
Three. two. one.
Got her!
I have the asset!
No. no. no!
Over here!
On the dock!
Put her down. human king!
She didn't mean to hurt you!
No. George!
Stay back!
George!
Mabel!
I'm sorry!
Mabel. stay put.
Your brain needs to recover.
No one should ever talk about...
George.
Please.
It's me. Mabel.
Wait.
It's okay.
Please.
What?
Jerry?
Where are your...
Shh. shh. shh.
They'll hear you.
Dr. Sam. what's going on?
Shh.
What?
Okay. okay. okay. okay.
I got it.
Dr. Sam. what did you guys do?
Uh. well. once the council learned we had created a new planet. and created the fake animals. they made us put the science to...
the opposite use.
What?
You made a human?
Not just any human.
What?
Wait.
Greetings!
Hey. Mabel. remember me?
Is that...
It is.
Oh. my voice has dropped.
Everyone. I have pubated into a man.
They put this into this.
Where's my body?
So weak and small.
I like this body better.
Don't you agree?
Come on.
What is happening?
Why does he have my face?
Oh. I'm sorry.
Are you not pleased to see your king?
What is this. a tail for your neck?
A true king would bear the lushness of his plumage for all to see.
Well. I'm going to lose re-election.
I don't understand.
How does a fake Jerry help the council?
I'll tell you.
Remember this?
We've discovered that with a few adjustments. it can be used on humans. too.
What?
Turns out. if you have enough fake loud trees in one place. and put all the humans right in the middle...
The rally.
The sound is not just extremely annoying. it extremely squishes you.
Please don't do this.
I know Jerry did some bad stuff. but we're not all like him.
Are you kidding?
You two are the same.
You stole.
You lied.
You used us.
There's just no coming back from that.
Right. Mammal King?
George?
No.
No. no. no.
No. you don't understand.
Please.
I didn't mean to...
Too late.
He doesn't want to talk to you.
And he's got a party to go to.
This guy just loves to party. you know?
Come on. everyone.
Don't want to be late.
George?
I...
I didn't...
I hope you're happy. Mabel.
The animal's got us. and it's all your fault.
Hey. I'm talking to you.
Why...
Why are you so quiet?
You're freaking me out.
Uh. Mabel?
I did use him.
I did lie to him.
Who?
The beaver in the crown?
He was my friend.
Friend?
They're all just animals.
Animals!
And now they're trying to squish us or whatever. and you don't even care.
What is wrong with you?
You did this.
You riled up those animals.
Now they're all angry.
Mabel?
You've got
a problem. kid.
You know that?
You are just the absolute worst.
I can't believe that I'm stuck here with you.
Dave?
Dave!
What?
It's...
It's hard to be mad when...
you feel like you're part of something big.
But what are we a part of?
Everything.
We're all in this together.
Hey. we can get out of this. all of this. if we just work with each other.
How?
Stick your head in there.
What?
No. no. no. no!
I'm not getting in that thing!
Put on the helmet. Jerry!
There are people to save!
They're your voters!
Save them. Jerry!
I'm a coward!
The mayor can't just stick his head in stuff.
One. two. three!
Uh. okay.
Am I supposed to...
What was it like when you...
Uh...
Oh!
Careful. Jerry.
Watch out for the...
Oops.
Jerry. you did it!
Mabel?
Mabel!
So. what's the plan?
We're gonna give the Insect King the chance to do the right thing.
What?
Why?
Because everyone's good deep down.
Mabel. you know that's not true.
Wouldn't you like it to be?
Just so we're clear. if this works. I'm still gonna build the Beltway.
And I'm still gonna fight it.
But today. we've got more important things to do.
Now. stay in that beaver body.
I've got an idea.
So do I.
Hello. Beavertonians!
Please welcome to the stage. your mayor. Jerry Gennarotto!
Woo!
Yeah!
Go. baby!
Woo!
Yeah!
It's me. Jerry!
Your leader!
Are we having a good time or what?
Yeah!
Oh. what a day.
It sure is nice to be...
human!
Yeah.
I mean. look what we did to this place.
It once belonged to all kinds of animals.
Not anymore!
We love you. Jerry!
Yeah!
Huh?
Speaking of powerful. who here has squished an insect?
Me!
I just did.
Who else?
Don't be shy.
You've all done it.
Come on. raise your hands. you little squishers.
Boy. it's a good thing an insect can't squish you.
Because you kind of deserve it. right?
Wait!
You don't have to do this. Titus.
How did you know my name?
Someone very wise once taught me. don't be a stranger.
Pond rules.
Look. I'm sorry I killed your mom.
You think I care about that?
She was old and weak!
Of course you care.
She was your mom.
When it happened. I just...
I felt so...
so...
Powerless?
Yeah.
I felt that way. too.
And it made me do things I wish I hadn't.
But it's not too late. Titus.
We can still learn to live with each other.
Animal homes. human homes. they're all just one big place.
Nice speech!
Too bad it sucked!
So what. your plan was just to talk?
Did you actually think that would work?
I really hoped it would.
Derry!
Plan B!
What?
What happened?
What's going on?
Shut up and let me finish the job!
Sorry. Insect King.
I won't let you back in.
Council!
Seize this treasonous milk drinker!
Everyone. listen to me!
Get out of here while you still can!
She's trying to steal your phone. Jerry!
Wake up!
Give it back!
I'll be back.
I don't think that's the mayor.
Calm down. losers!
I'm just getting my phone back.
That's enough. buddy.
This town's not big enough for the two of us.
Jerry!
What is wrong with you?
Mabel. be careful!
Get off of me!
What are you doing?
Stop it!
No!
Get it off!
Mabel!
My!
Time to die. human!
What?
Missing something?
Titus!
It's over!
It's just begun!
I will squish every last one of you!
The mammals!
The birds!
The reptiles!
The stupid amphibians!
What?
No one will ever eat us again!
The world will be our hive!
Mabel!
Mammal King!
What are you gonna do?
I'm gonna help.
How dare you ignore me!
I'll burn the whole world down!
Only the insects will...
Everyone. this way!
Follow me!
Let's go!
Come on!
No!
What?
George!
Please. I can't lose it!
George?
No!
Oh. no.
Please. please. no.
I'm so sorry. George.
Okay. let's get you out of here.
Get him to safety.
This way!
Emergency evacuation. everyone!
Let's go. let's go!
Come on. come on!
Oh. no!
The city!
Are you sure. George?
It's built too well!
We need help!
Help me!
All right. folks.
Let's clean this place up.
I want it looking like we were never here.
You heard him.
Let's go.
So...
What are you gonna do about the Beltway?
Well...
You're here.
I'm here.
Let's figure this out together.
Dr. Sam!
Dr. Sam?
Is that...
Mabel?
Dr. Sam.
I thought the mouse was...
You know.
If only. Mabel.
As you can see. the Dean finally shut down hopping.
But what about the research value?
Not worth the danger to humanity.
Her words.
But when a door closes. a thousand windows open!
What?
Now I can focus on all my other ideas.
And I have a lot.
This is so exciting.
It's a little kooky. but...
Hey. um...
Could I help with those?
You mean...
work for me?
Look. I know I destroyed your life's work. and you probably shouldn't even have let me graduate. but...
I'm looking for a job. and...
I just want to work with...
people who care.
You know. we could use someone who's...
Passionate?
Annoyingly persistent?
Strong.
Thank you. Dr. Sam!
And I'm sorry about the whole hopping thing.
I know you and the King were pretty close.
I am sorry that you can't talk to him anymore.
Fever.
Chopped wood logs.
Coconut.
Hospital.
Dancing man.
Potato.
Red heart.
Revolving hearts.
Potato.
Red heart.
There's still a way.
I'm in position.
Full of conviction.
Missed on no vision.
To save the day.
Get out of my way.
Look at me.
I'm the human king.
I'm a big man.
I do my taxes.
Legislation.
Blah. blah. blah.
Hot dogs.
Beltway.
Automobiles.
Vroom. vroom.
I love traffic.
Big cars.
Big traffic.
More. more. more traffic.
Yeah!
Aww.
In.
Oh!
BY WILLIAM BENDER
CONTACT : williambndr2024@gmail.com
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm